Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-unit-vii-homework
<br>
For this homework assignment, complete the following projects, which involve using the fundamental features within Microsoft PowerPoint to prepare a stellar presentation. Complete Project 4-1: Adding SmartArt to a Slide on page 697. Click here to access the 4-1-source file, and save it as project_4-1_smartart. Complete Project 4-2: Changing SmartArt Layouts on page 697. Click here to access the 4-2-source file, and save it as project_4-2_changing_smartart. Note: Step 3 mentions to change the SmartArt to Circle Process; however, please change the SmartArt to any layout you like. The purpose of this exercise is for you to demonstrate that you can change the layout for the SmartArt. Complete Project 5-1: Adding Images to a Presentation on page 718. Create a blank presentation, and save it as project_5-1_images. Complete Project 5-2: Styling and Cropping Images page 718. Click here to access the 5-2-source file, and save it as project_5-2_presentations. Complete Project 6-4: Adding Ink Annotations to a Presentation on page 741. Click here to access the 6-x-source file, and save it as project_6-4_ink. Complete Project 6-5. Rehearsal Timings on page 741. Click here to access the 6-x-source file, and save it as project_6-5_timings. Be sure to save and upload all six (6) files in Blackboard for grading. Click here to access a brief tutorial on uploading more than one file for one assignment. Information about accessing the Blackboard Grading Rubric for this assignment is provided below